Welcome back.
In this video we're going to continue talking about these structuring.
But instead of working with objects we're going to be working with a race as a refresher.
Restructuring allows us to extract values from arrays or properties from objects into distinct variables.
So how can we do structure with a race.
Let's start with how we use to do things.
In fact here we have an array of three values and if we wanted to assign a variable to each value we
could do that.
But it's a bit tedious.
Thankfully we can use destructuring here to do this all on one line.
Here's what that would look like.
Notice how we're using array brackets on the left hand side of the equal sign just like we use curly
braces for object the structure but see another example.
Here we have a function which returns an array of two numbers and in order to extract each value we
have to invoke the function twice to get each value and then assign each value to their own variable
before we see the destructuring example.
Think about what that might look like.
So here's how we could structure this function on one line.
Pretty neat.
One of the most helpful things that we can do with a raid destructuring is swap values in an array.
This is quite common.
When you do not want to make a new array but just want to switch the places of certain values as you
learn more about data structures and algorithms in javascript you'll see that swapping values is quite
common especially with sorting algorithms.
So how do we do this in S-5.
Traditionally this was done with a function that created a temporary variable to store the first value
to be swapped.
We then would reassign the first value to be the second value and the second value to be the temporary
value.
When we invoke the swap function we see the value swapped using as 2015 we can clean this code up quite
a bit by assigning the value of a structured array to be another array.
The value switched.
Try this out in the Crome Council and see what you get.
Just like object restructuring already structuring is pretty tricky.
So let's practice with some exercises to make sure you've really got it back luck and I'll see you in
the next video.